Add guides for i18n (#4789)
rotki/rotki: docs/contribute.rst

The modules system is hierachical and one module may contain multiple submodules. For example uniswap having both v1 and v3 each in their own subdirectories as seen `here <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/tree/develop/rotkehlchen/chain/ethereum/modules/uniswap>`__.

> Add new language or translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new language or translation
```

===================================

Add new language
----------------

> The translation files is located `here <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/tree/develop/frontend/app/src/locales>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The translation files are located `here <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/tree/develop/frontend/app/src/locales>`__.
```

> They are saved with format ``{country_code}.json``, where country code is ``Alpha-2`` code from based on `ISO 3166 country codes <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are saved with format ``{country_code}.json``, where country code is ``Alpha-2`` code based on `ISO 3166 country codes <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes>`__.
```

> If you want to add new language, you need to create new translation file with that format, and then `fill it <#add-or-edit-translation>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a new language, you need to create a new language file with that format, and then `fill it <#add-or-edit-translation>`__.
```

> You also need to update the frontend mapping that defined at this `enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/f57522baa737854e6affcbe57bada2b81c4dee83/frontend/app/src/types/frontend-settings.ts#L112>`__, and this `entries <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/f57522baa737854e6affcbe57bada2b81c4dee83/frontend/app/src/data/supported-language.ts>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to update the frontend mapping that is defined at this `enum <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/f57522baa737854e6affcbe57bada2b81c4dee83/frontend/app/src/types/frontend-settings.ts#L112>`__, and these `entries <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/f57522baa737854e6affcbe57bada2b81c4dee83/frontend/app/src/data/supported-language.ts>`__.
```

> Add or edit translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add or edit a translation
```

-----------------------

> Rotki do translation using `Vue i18n <https://kazupon.github.io/vue-i18n>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotki does translation using `Vue i18n <https://kazupon.github.io/vue-i18n>`__.
```

> Rotki main language is ``English``. The translation file is `here <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/develop/frontend/app/src/locales/en.json>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotki's main language is ``English``. The language file for it is `here <https://github.com/rotki/rotki/blob/develop/frontend/app/src/locales/en.json>`__.
```

> In order to fill the translation for other language, you should pay attention to these few things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to fill in the translation for another language, you should pay attention to the following things:
```

> 1. The `JSON` structure from `English` translation file is absolute, meaning you can't change the JSON structure (the keys), because this is how rotki reads which value to use. So for translation on other languages, please follow the same structure from `English` translation JSON. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The ``JSON`` structure from the ``English`` language file is absolute, meaning you can't change the JSON structure (the keys), because this is how rotki reads which value to use. So for translations of other languages, please follow the same structure as the `English` language JSON file. For example:
```

.. code-block::

    // en.json
    "exchange_balances": {
      "add_exchange": "Add exchange",
      "click_here": "Click here",
    }

    // es.json
    "exchange_balances": {
      "add_exchange": "Añadir intercambio",
      "click_here": "Haga clic aquí",
    }

> 2. You may notice that there are some words that wrapped inside curly bracket, for example, word ``length`` in sentence ``Use total from {length} asset(s) value``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You may notice that there are some words that are wrapped inside curly brackets, for example, word ``length`` in sentence ``Use total from {length} asset(s) value``.
```

> 2. You may notice that there are some words that are wrapped inside curly brackets, for example, word ``length`` in sentence ``Use total from {length} asset(s) value``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You may notice that there are some words that are wrapped inside curly brackets, for example the word ``length`` in the sentence ``Use total from {length} asset(s) value``.
```

> This is how rotki put some variable inside a sentence. You **should** keep this variable name, when translating to other language. What you can do is repositioning the variable based on the sentence. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how rotki inserts a variable inside a sentence. You **must** keep this variable name, when translating to a different language. What you can do though is to reposition the variable inside the sentence. For example:
```

.. code-block::

    // en.json
    "total": {
      "use_calculated_asset": "Use total from {length} asset(s) value: ",
    }

    // es.json
    "total": {
      "use_calculated_asset": "Utilice el valor total de {length} activos: ",
    }

> 3. For missing keys from other language files, by default it will use ``English``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For missing keys from other language files, by default it will use the value of the master file which is ``English``.
```
